Yes Gauri tell me tell me something about you . Okay ahh thank you for allowing me to introduce myself. I secured 9.2 c GPA in 10, standard 73.4 Cgp ahh percentage in 12 standard. And currently an engineering my aggregate score is 77 percentage. computer sciences is omnipresent that is it is present in every field and hence I have invested these last 3.5 almost years and a developing my software skills My technical skills include programming in Python, Java, C, c++, databases I am also familiar with web development, Kubernetes, Docker, Ansible, et cetera. Third point is the colleagues there hardraw very futuristic in their skills. And lastly there as Tcs is has been in the industry for almost hundred and fifty years. And it so it's very good ethics overall. . Sir I have an enhanced my technical skills I have been preparing for the core subjects, and I've been doing coding almost every day So I think that I prepared quite well For Tcs. . Okay ah what do you think are the reasons for youngsters switching over jobs? . Sir will I be able to like fit in the company? No sir I want to go into software companies that is aim . Okay for example you have got you have got the offer from Tcs Or at the same time Meanwhile you're getting the better offer than Tcs from another organization which is not a tier one organization but tier two organization but the packages just develop what we are offering then what you will do? . At least salary does not matter for you ? . Sir but I will perform good and I would like from my end there will be no complaints from Tcs. . Ah sir core subject subjects programming C++ , DBMS Yes sir. . implement Snakes and Ladders using any programming language? . For example, if the dice value for if if the dice value or the that block value in which the counter is right now is five so I have assigned five already that five is a ladder, so then it will increase and for example if 12 is a snake then I've already defined that at 12 you need to decrement the value by for example FIFO or whatever. Sir partially it is correct it is used for data hiding but more data security. Either you are a good candidate or the best for example Google want to hire somebody or they find the candidate which is having the capabilities to get a caror package in a anom.